---
layout: post
title:  "Reading List 2023 Q1"
categories: [art]
---

I had so much fun with my reading goal last year, I'm running it back. Rather than wait until the end, I figured I'd do periodic updates along the way. I'm being as flexible as I feel inclined to be any given month about what counts as a book. Below are the books I read in the first three months of 2023.

(Link to last year's [reading goal]({% post_url 2023-01-02-2022-reading-list %}) post because my blog template gets weird if I put a link in the first paragraph and I haven't gotten around to fixing it).

- *Stories of Your Life and Others* by Ted Chiang
- *Legends and Lattes* by Travis Baldree
- *The Raven Tower* by Ann Leckie
- *When the Tiger Came Down the Mountain* by Nghi Vo
- *Binti* by Nnedi Okorafor
- *Binti: Home* by Nnedi Okorafor
- *Binti: The Night Masquerade* by Nnedi Okorafor
- *Into the Riverlands* by Nghi Vo
- *Starstruck* by Elaine Lee and Michael Kaluta
- *Blades in the Dark* by John Harper
- *Mork Bork* by Pelle Nilsson and Johan Nohr
- *Four Thousand Weeks* by Oliver Burkeman
- *Saga Vol. 1* by Brian K. Vaughan and Fiona Staples
- *Starstruck: Old Proldiers Never Die* by Elaine Lee and Michael Kaluta
- *Banana* by Dan Koeppel
- *The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms* by N. K. Jemisin

I decided I wanted to read more comics this year, and kicking things off with *Starstruck* was a delight. It was a little hard to follow at times, but once I got my sea legs (space legs?), I was in love. The universe of *Starstruck* is equal parts whimsical and cynical in a truly joyous way. The comics are available online at [https://starstruckcomics.com/](https://starstruckcomics.com/){:target="_blank"}, but I thought reading it on paper was well worth it. 

If you're into the particularly nerdy depths that is RPG actual plays, I got turned onto *Starstruck* by the [Dimension 20 Actual Play](https://www.dropout.tv/dimension-20/season:13){:target="_blank"}. Speaking of actual plays, I am adoring [Worlds Beyond Number](https://worldsbeyondnumber.com/){:target="_blank"}. The Children's Campaign available on the Worlds Beyond Number Patreon is well worth it.